Update _index.md to mention browser installation requirements for win… (#22149)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations/_index.md

| RAM | 4GB minimum. 8GB recommended. |
| CPU | Intel or AMD processor with 64-bit support. 2.8 GHz or faster processor recommended. |

> **Note:** In order for Windows Private Locations to run browser tests, the browsers (e.g. Chrome, Edge, or Firefox) must be installed on the Windows computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: For Windows Private Locations to run browser tests, the browsers (for example, Chrome, Edge, or Firefox) must be installed on the Windows computer.
```
